The code returns true if you can finish all the courses, and it does this by the implementation of topological sort and khan’s algorithm with BFS. The code begins by making a list the size of the number of courses, which keeps track of the amount of indegrees that each course has. Because each course is labeled from 0 to the number of courses - 1, the indexes of the list naturally correspond to the label of the course, which allows us to use the index to refer to a specific course. 
The indegrees are counted by iterating through each prerequisite pair (list) in the prerequisites (list of lists) and incrementing the corresponding course by 1 on the adjacency list every time the course appears in the first index of the prerequisite pair list. In other words, we just check the value of the first position of the prerequisite pair, then find the index on the adjacency count list, and then add 1 to the count. This works because for [a,b], b is the prerequisite to a, so that means that a has an indegree. B is the prerequisite, A is the course that needs prerequisites.
We then make a queue where we add all of the indexes of the adjacency list that have 0 indegrees. For the next part, we have a visited list so that we can use BFS. The logic goes that while the queue is not empty, we take the next value of the queue as our temp value/class. We iterate through the prerequisite pairs in the prerequisite list, checking if the second position is equal to our temp (meaning that our temp course was a prerequisite for course a). If so, we decrement the first position of that prerequisite pair in the adjacency list because our temp (the prerequisite) has been satisfied/visited. In addition to decrementing the first position of the pair, we also check if the first position now is equal to 0 in the adjacency list (check if it has no prerequisites) and if so, add it to the queue. We then put our temp course in the visited list. 
At the end of all this, the topological sort will be done, and represented in the visited list. Topological sort only works if there are no cycles, which for the purpose of this lab means that you cannot finish all the courses. For this reason, we can check the size of the visited list against the number of courses. If the number of courses and size of the visited list are equal, it means that the topological sort worked and we can return true, if visited is less than the number of courses than the topological sort did not work and we can return false.
