Disclaimer: The for loop logic was learned from a presentation in class, so I did not come up with the logic on my own.
The way this code works is by creating an array that is size amount + 1, which accounts for all of the minimum amount of coins it would take to make values from 0 to the amount. From here on, since we use amount + 1 size, the values will correspond directly with the index instead of value - 1 index (from zero indexing). The reason for this is to make sure we also account for how to make value 0. The array is then filled with the highest number, so that we can find new minimums by using less than, with the exception of 0, as value 0 is always made with 0 coins, so array at index 0 is set to 0.
From there, we have nested for loop, with the outer loop iterating through the different coins in the coins array, and an inner loop that iterates through all of the possible values between the current coin and amount (because coins cannot create a value that is less than the coin). From there we want to check the minimum amount of coins it takes to create the current value minus the current coin. If the minimum is still set to the highest value that we initialized it with, then that means so far with the current coins that we iterated through, there is no combination that can make it. In that case we skip, however if the current value minus the current coin can be made, then that is a new possible combination that we need to check. The way we do this is that if the minimum number of coins of the current value minus the current coin is less than the minimum number of coins for the current value, then we can simply make the new minimum, the minimum number of coins for the current value minus the coin plus one. The logic behind this is that by using the new coin, we can create the current value by simply using the minimum to create the first value, add the current coin (plus one) to create a new minimum number of coins needed. After the nested for loop has ran, it will have gone through all of the coins, to see if it can help contribute to a new minimum number of coins to create that value.
The last thing we do is to check our array to find the minimum coins to create the amount we want. If the minimum is still the highest value that we initially set it to, then that means no combinations are possible and we return -1. Other wise we can simply just return the minumum from the array.
